Update monitor-instances-health-check.md (#117466)
Azure/azure-content: articles/app-service/monitor-instances-health-check.md

> - The Health check path should check critical components of your application. For example, if your application depends on a database and a messaging system, the Health check endpoint should connect to those components. If the application can't connect to a critical component, then the path should return a 500-level response code to indicate the app is unhealthy. Also, if the path does not return a response within 1 minute, the health check ping is considered unhealthy.
> - When selecting the Health check path, make sure you're selecting a path that returns a 200 status code, only when the app is fully warmed up.
> - In order to use Health check on your Function App, you must use a [premium or dedicated hosting plan](../azure-functions/functions-scale.md#overview-of-plans).

> > - Details about Health check on Function Apps can be found here: [Monitor function apps using Health check](../azure-functions/configure-monitoring?tabs=v2#monitor-function-apps-using-health-check).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Details about Health check on Function Apps can be found here: [Monitor function apps using Health check](/azure-functions/configure-monitoring?tabs=v2#monitor-function-apps-using-health-check).
```

If you're using your own authentication system, the Health check path must allow anonymous access. To secure the Health check endpoint, you should first use features such as [IP restrictions](app-service-ip-restrictions.md#set-an-ip-address-based-rule), [client certificates](app-service-ip-restrictions.md#set-an-ip-address-based-rule), or a Virtual Network to restrict application access. Once you have those features in-place, you can authenticate the health check request by inspecting the header, `x-ms-auth-internal-token`, and validating that it matches the SHA256 hash of the environment variable `WEBSITE_AUTH_ENCRYPTION_KEY`. If they match, then the health check request is valid and originating from App Service. 

> [!NOTE]

> > Specifically for [Azure Functions authentication](../azure-functions/security-concepts?tabs=v4#function-access-keys), the function that serves as Health check endpoint needs to be allowing annonymous access. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Specifically for [Azure Functions authentication](/azure/azure-functions/security-concepts?tabs=v4#function-access-keys), the function that serves as Health check endpoint needs to allow anonymous access. 
```
